module4/template.md, before:

# Assignment!

Fill out the template *twice*, for two different ideas.

Then compare and contrast and select one as the idea you're leaning towards
working on for your project week.


# Ideas for data storytelling - English Premier League

## You

What do you care about?
- sports, specially soccer league in England (Premier league).

What do you know about?
- the format of the league and how rankings affect if they stay in the same league or not. 

What decisions do you face?
- How much does each club makes from the league and how ranking affects it?

## Seven templates

Training Kit (https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recedjanlbpqxic2r) explains the seven templates from Priceonomics.

Can you apply the templates to your topics? 

1. Geographic Variation
- Which cities in England has the most clubs in premier league?

2. Trend related to the news
- Transfer news and speculation of players coming in and going out.

3. Who does that?
- 

4. Answering a question people care about
- How much clubs have to spend on players to win the league?

5. Valuable to businesses
- 

6. What's the most popular?
- 

7. Cost/Money rankings
- Who makes the most money?

## Misconceptions

What misconceptions do people have about your topic?
- That clubs with the most money wins the league.

## Examples

What data storytelling example inspires you?
- 

Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question?


Could you do a new question, for the same topic?


Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"?


## Data

Where could you search for data about your topic?
- I could go look at the official website of premier league.
---

# Ideas for data storytelling - Idea 2

## You

What do you care about?


What do you know about?


What decisions do you face?


## Seven templates

Training Kit (https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recedjanlbpqxic2r) explains the seven templates from Priceonomics.

Can you apply the templates to your topics? 

1. Geographic Variation


2. Trend related to the news


3. Who does that?


4. Answering a question people care about


5. Valuable to businesses


6. What's the most popular?


7. Cost/Money rankings


## Misconceptions

What misconceptions do people have about your topic?


## Examples

What data storytelling example inspires you?


Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question?


Could you do a new question, for the same topic?


Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"?


## Data

Where could you search for data about your topic?

Commit message:

more updates for story telling topic

module4/template.md, after:

# Assignment!

Fill out the template *twice*, for two different ideas.

Then compare and contrast and select one as the idea you're leaning towards
working on for your project week.


# Ideas for data storytelling - English Premier League

## You

What do you care about?
- sports, specially soccer league in England (Premier league).

What do you know about?
- the format of the league and how rankings affect if they stay in the same league or not. 

What decisions do you face?
- How much does each club makes from the league and how ranking affects it?

## Seven templates

Training Kit (https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recedjanlbpqxic2r) explains the seven templates from Priceonomics.

Can you apply the templates to your topics? 

1. Geographic Variation
- Which cities in England has the most clubs in premier league?

2. Trend related to the news
- Transfer news and speculation of players coming in and going out.

3. Who does that?
- 

4. Answering a question people care about
- How much clubs have to spend on players to win the league?

5. Valuable to businesses
- 

6. What's the most popular?
- 

7. Cost/Money rankings
- Who makes the most money?

## Misconceptions

What misconceptions do people have about your topic?
- That clubs with the most money wins the league.

## Examples

What data storytelling example inspires you?
- 

Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question?


Could you do a new question, for the same topic?


Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"?


## Data

Where could you search for data about your topic?
- I could go look at the official website of premier league.
---

# Ideas for data storytelling - Workout to get fitter and stronger

## You

What do you care about?
- The importance of working out and how it helps us to stay healthy and be fit.

What do you know about?
- The routines you need to do daily to be fit.

What decisions do you face?
- how much workout and what kind of workout is good for people to stay healthy?

## Seven templates

Training Kit (https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recedjanlbpqxic2r) explains the seven templates from Priceonomics.

Can you apply the templates to your topics? 

1. Geographic Variation
- Which state is more active?

2. Trend related to the news
- What are new exercises or routines to get the result faster and better?

3. Who does that?
- Adults and older people look for ways to improve their health.

4. Answering a question people care about
- People care about their health and how they can optimize their body to be more productive.

5. Valuable to businesses
- It seems to valuable as businesses all around the world are looking for formula to improve people's health.

6. What's the most popular?
- What kinds of workouts?

7. Cost/Money rankings
- Several workouts, some requires no equipment and some requires expensive equipment.

## Misconceptions

What misconceptions do people have about your topic?
- Eating healthy and nutritious food are enough.

## Examples

What data storytelling example inspires you?
- How showing people workout is beneficial not only for physical health but for mental health as well.

Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question?
- yes, workout to look young.

Could you do a new question, for the same topic?
- yes, workout for a healthy lifestyle.

Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"?


## Data

Where could you search for data about your topic?
- data.gov, kaggle
